Add default prefixes to all schemas (#54)
bitcrowd/carbonite: CHANGELOG.md

* Optional tracking of previous data in changes. Set the `store_changed_from` trigger option.

### Changed 

> * Added `@schema_prefix "carbonite_default"` on all schemas. This will enable the usage of `Repo.insert` etc on transactions without specifying a prefix, when using the default carbonite prefix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added `@schema_prefix "carbonite_default"` on all schemas. This will enable the manual usage of `Repo.insert/2` & friends on transactions without specifying a prefix, when using the default carbonite prefix.
```

:+1:
